[DOCS] Adds user-facing docs for the new KP logging configuration (#94993)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/architecture/core/logging-configuration-migration.asciidoc

NOTE: When you switch to the new logging configuration, you will start seeing duplicate log entries in both formats. 
These will be removed when the `default` appender is no longer required. If you define an appender for a logger, 
the log messages aren't handled by the `root` logger anymore and are not forwarded to the legacy logging service.

[[logging-pattern-format-old-and-new-example]]
[options="header"]
|===

| Parameter | Platform log record in **pattern** format | Legacy Platform log record **text** format

| @timestamp | ISO8601_TZ `2012-01-31T23:33:22.011-05:00` | Absolute `23:33:22.011`

| logger | `parent.child` | `['parent', 'child']`

| level | `DEBUG` | `['debug']`

| meta | stringified JSON object `{"to": "v8"}`| N/A

| pid | can be configured as `%pid` | N/A

|===

[[logging-json-format-old-and-new-example]]
[options="header"]
|===

| Parameter | Platform log record in **json** format | Legacy Platform log record **json** format

| @timestamp | ISO8601_TZ `2012-01-31T23:33:22.011-05:00` | ISO8601 `2012-01-31T23:33:22.011Z`

| logger | `log.logger: parent.child` | `tags: ['parent', 'child']`

| level | `log.level: DEBUG` | `tags: ['debug']`

> | meta | separate property `"meta": {"to": "v8"}` | merged in log record  `{... "to": "v8"}`

Author: That's a great question! We [merge](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/master/src/core/server/logging/layouts/json_layout.ts#L57) the `record.meta` with the log in the `json` format, so I guess it is.

> | meta | separate property `"meta": {"to": "v8"}` | merged in log record  `{... "to": "v8"}`

Reviewer: according to the test, we don't store metadata under `meta` key https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/312351c52c1acc7707813e6b8547df4f379b0cba/src/core/server/logging/layouts/json_layout.test.ts#L149-L152

> | meta | separate property `"meta": {"to": "v8"}` | merged in log record  `{... "to": "v8"}`

Reviewer 2: Oh wow, I didn't realize this. I was planning to take care of this in https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/90406, but hadn't noticed that we're already doing a merge.

Instead I'll go ahead and use that issue to verify if there's anything else we can/should do to ensure the json layout is ECS compliant. Thanks for catching this!

> | meta | separate property `"meta": {"to": "v8"}` | merged in log record  `{... "to": "v8"}`

Author: > we don't store metadata under meta key

I misunderstood the question. In the final, formatted `json` layout, `meta` isn't a separate property, it's merged with the rest of the log `record`.

In the raw record though, we could have a `meta` property.

So it looks like we actually don't have a difference between legacy logging and platform logging in `json` format when it comes to `meta`, both are: 

> merged in log record  `{... "to": "v8"}`

| pid | `process.pid: 12345` | `pid: 12345`

| type | N/A | `type: log`

| error | `{ message, name, stack }` | `{ message, name, stack, code, signal }`

|===

[[logging-cli-migration]]
=== Logging configuration via CLI migration guide

> NOTE: The `--verbose` and `--silent` cli flags are supported and have build-in behavior. You can override the default behavior using the following equivalent platform logging configurations:

Reviewer 2: typo:

```suggestion
NOTE: The `--verbose` and `--silent` cli flags are supported and have built-in behavior. You can override the default behavior using the following equivalent platform logging configurations:
```

or actually nit: The wording here is somewhat confusing. I'd suggest we pull this out of a NOTE and instead just say something like:

**Logging configuration via CLI**
As is the case for any of Kibana's config settings, you can specify your logging configuration via the CLI. For convenience, the `--verbose` and `--silent` flags exist as shortcuts and will continue to be supported beyond `v7`.

If you wish to override these flags, you can always do so by passing your preferred logging configuration directly to the CLI as shown below:

[options="header"]
|===

| legacy logging | {kib} Platform logging | cli shortcuts

> |--verbose| --logging.root.level=debug --logging.root.appenders[0]=default --logging.root.appenders[1]=console | --verbose

Reviewer: Optional: Let's remove `--logging.root.level=debug --logging.root.appenders[0]=default --logging.root.appenders[1]=console` or present it in `yml` format. Otherwise, it's not clear whether we recommend using these cli options.

Author: That makes sense.

Author: @mshustov using the platform logging flags as cli args for verbose logs has slightly different behavior to simply using the `--verbose` shortcut. We also don't support the `--quiet` flag anymore and it would be nice to give users and alternative.

This table is also specifically aimed at logging configuration via CLI, hence the inline config.

Reviewer: ok, makes sense

|--quiet| --logging.root.level=error --logging.root.appenders[0]=default --logging.root.appenders[1]=console | not supported

|--silent| --logging.root.level=off | --silent
|===

> NOTE: you have to pass the `default` appender until the legacy logging system is removed in v8.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: To preserve backwards compatibility, you are required to pass the root `default` appender until the legacy logging system is removed in `v8.0`.
```
